Modelling error has had the largest impact on the validation of quasistatic and dynamically stable
walking methods. The masses of each joint and link are known, however, the position of each mass
is only estimated. This has been due to the hardware changes the Nugus platform has been undergoing
since the inception of the work presented in this report. Additionally, the model within the Webots
simulation environment has little to no relation to the real platform in its current state.
The model derived for this report was based on the `Onshape' [REFERENCE] document managed by the Nubots team.
This document has not been updated to reflect the current state of the platform. Including the torso, arms and 
head of the Nugus platform in the model presented in this report
may have given rise to the exploiting the use of the arms to shift the centre of mass, given
their shear mass. However, this would come at the cost of processing time.

The novel algorithms developed for stepping along an arbitrary trajectory are not as robust as they 
could be. Specifically, approaching the end of the trajectory leads to a final step that must both satisfy
the position and time requirements dictated by the trajectory. Given a quasistatic walk, this culminates 
in a rapid, short step with little to no time given to shifting the centre of mass prior to attempting the step.
Conversely this final step is possible when using a dynamically stable walking method, as the zero moment
point is the variable of concern. Thus, the final zero moment point is located beneath one of the feet, whichever
having stepped most recently. Yet, the ideal final position of the centre of mass is halfway between 
the feet, which would leave the robot statically stable, and ready for a new trajectory. 

Computing both the Geometric and Analytical Jacobians of the model presented in this report
could have allowed for the validation of the walking methods while remaining within the Matlab
environment. However, doing so would have been both time and computationally expensive. 
Determining these Jacobians is critical to any attempt transitioning from servo to torque control.